---
layout: post
title:  "Community Assignment 2"
date:   2016-10-16 19:45:31 +0530
categories: ["extra"]
---

3d Printing Workshop

For my second community event I decided to go to a 3d printing workshop hosted by Kenan Science Library. Coming into 3d printing I honestly didn’t have a clue how everything worked. There has been so much talk about it, and many new innovations coming from 3D printing that I had to try it out. I had to discover the newest creative phenomenon that has been sweeping the world.  3D printing is something that has opened up incredible possibilities for designing and building all kinds of imaginative things directly from a desktop 3D printer. It’s amazing to know that this could be used to change the lives of people. It is such a new tool that has always been fantasized about becoming a reality that it finally is one. By going to this workshop I could do this in a fun and easy way.


While at the workshop I learned information about 3d printing that I never really knew. The top 3 things I learned were: 3D printers print a model in layers, 3D printing is in the movies you watch, and you can already print in titanium, ceramics, wood, etc! An addition to those three we were also informed about the different printers that could be used and how well the material used could be printed. 


What made the experience even greater was knowing that we have access to 3d printing here on campus. Meaning, if I have a design or anything I really want to make I have the opportunity to take charge and 3d print it. This workshop really was an eye opener because it just goes to show that there are so many amazing opportunities here at Carolina. The fact that we have access to 3D printing and are able to learn and use it is astounding. I hope to further my 3D printing knowledge as more and more workshops open up. 